Update documentation for GitHub Tools (#89)
giselles-ai/docs: glossary/github-tools.mdx

---
title: GitHub Tools

> description: 'Learn how to configure and use GitHub Tools within a Generator Node, empowering your AI models to interact directly with your GitHub repositories.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to configure and use GitHub Tools within a Generator Node, empowering your AI models to interact directly with your GitHub repositories."
```
